here we are at the club through the lab
we are testing a 68 70 affinity six card
you can see all those mini DisplayPort
connectors we have the affinity 6 screen
here and what we're doing is using a 4k
video and with our solution on this
affinity is 6 set up at 57 60 by 2160
it's full screen explain that from
YouTube and and you can see that
actually 4k video does not fill up the
whole entire screen
that's only cover the pretty much the
central monitors
as to pull back because otherwise I
cannot get it recording feed you
by the way this has been recorded on the
iPhone
for those who wants to look up at this
video on their YouTube under the search
tab you just put 4k video test and you
can actually see if if it works or not
on your on your screen there was a
little house there and has to do with
the with the video yourself is I think
about almost 500 megabytes in size you
can actually test it out on your
computer if if it actually plays back
out smoothly